right now there's definitely a street
food revolution going on people used to
think of trailers is just sort of grubby
food that you would grab but it has
really turned into a sophisticated part
of our food culture now some of the best
creative innovative food is coming out
of tiny little kitchens on four wheels
red velvet pancakes bite fries on the
sandwich Wagyu beef slider beef tongue
tacos top-flight burger not everyone can
afford open a restaurant that's why we
open a street cart to begin with so it
allows these people with some great
ideas great recipes to serve food to the
public and do it in a really open
communal way Twitter and other social
media has totally changed food trucking
with one tweet you've now reached a
2,000 followers it is definitely a food
truck revolution
New York is definitely one of the best
food truck or food cart cities in a lot
of ways it's the birthplace of Street
food in the US
my name is Dave Bentley and with my
brothers Brian and Jesse and our partner
Peter we open the box carne asada cart
in Soho downtown Manhattan our motto is
be like all our flavors to be really
bright whenever we're cooking or
whatever I'm cooking at home I pretty
much just kick up everything a little
too far
the Calexico card is you can almost call
them one of the original hipster vendors
almost I mean these young guys from
Southern California moved out to New
York and we're like there's no good
Mexican food here these are our roll
quesadillas which are pretty much like
traditional cases except to save some
space in this really small flat top we
roll it over an extra time and tuck it
almost like a burrito
not everyone can afford open a
restaurant that's why we open a street
cart to begin with so it allows these
people with some great ideas great
recipes to serve food to the public and
and do it in a really open communal way
I've been coming here once a week I come
either before 12 o'clock or after 2:30 3
o'clock and there's no lines but if you
come here right at like 1:00 2:00 the
line goes right around the block pretty
quickly we got a bunch of fans and that
gave us a bunch of opportunities where
we opened a restaurant down in Brooklyn
right now there's definitely a street
food revolution going on and cities like
Los Angeles and Austin and Portland and
there's a bunch of states around the
country right now they're just producing
some really cool food off tiny kitchens
on the street
groans a great food city the majority of
food trucks in Portland a parked on
surface parking lots around the city
usually closes to where people work
office buildings are where people drink
bars so they generally follow the basic
biorhythms of life
roast beef hey we're big ass sandwiches
big ass sandwiches what they do is
really interesting you know because
they're not doing your typical chicken
salad sandwiches
something that's elevated something
that's using good ingredients when I was
a little kid I used to put french fries
on all my sandwiches and stuff and lisas
hit on it's a great idea we should put
french fries on our sandwiches and
that's kind of a big-ass sandwich what
would you name that and she kind of
looked right at me and said big a
sandwiches fries on the sandwich right
big-ass sandwich okay so this is the
roast beef Caesar sandwich pinch of the
salt let that do its thing for a little
while homemade Caesar right
roast beef people get to choose what
meat they want
Oh see this is most popular they're a
bit of the remain over the top little
peach of that can't ever have enough
cheese and then of course the bread
truck and that is a roast beefs peas or
sandwich
this isn't your old Roach coach this is
the nouveau food trucks and in Los
Angeles where everything is drivable and
nothing is walkable it's really great to
be able to walk out your front door of
your office building your house and you
have a huge array of food to choose them
right there well in the state of
California every truck has to park on a
commissary every night there they get
the truck cleaned all the way through so
when the operators come back in to start
business for the next day the truck is
like a brand-new truck I'm Chad boom yay
I'm David Penn yay and we're the owners
of the busy truck in the morning we
basically setup we arrive at the
commissary property around 7:30 in the
morning yeah we take inventory we see we
need out of the commissariat we're gonna
go with walk in grab some of our
supplies everything that we need is that
the commissary is kind of where we store
all of our goods
whether it's our meats our produce
kitchenware silverware or beverages we
serve California coastal cuisine it has
a little bit of flair from the Pacific
Northwest that's where I was trained the
ingredients for all local fresheners
organic as possible we use high quality
meats we use a Wagyu beef we use the
jewelry chicken and it's something that
you would typically find in like higher
quality restaurant but we definitely
want to bring it to the street
we got to make sure the water tank is
filled up propane's filled up drinks are
done and we have all of our paper
products we gotta marinate the chicken
everything I got to get the chicken
ready you know get it pretty much
prepped and marinated for the day oh we
trying to get to our location like on
time beat traffic and beat the other
trucks there so we're ready to go we're
headed to our lunch spot over in the
valley right now we're gonna be tweeting
our new location when we treat it and we
let all our followers know where to find
us that all right let's get out of here
Twitter and other social media has
totally changed food trucking 1 140
character tweet can let 2,000 of your
followers know where you're going to be
food entrepreneurs have figured this out
and they're like well we don't need to
put an ad in the paper we'll just get
really aggressive with our social media
strategy so if you're sitting at your
desk and you know you're a fan of
several trucks during the day you may
get several tweets from them letting
them know where they're gonna be in your
area what time they're gonna be there
and so it's one-stop shopping
we found the truck on eBay magic bus is
run by at what you probably call hippies
we had to have a purple hot dog without
meat your life is not complete it is
definitely the next generation they're
looking for something that's not just a
regular sit-down
stuffy restaurant situation tonight our
dinner location is First Friday which is
a massive event thousands of people will
come down in one spot just to hang out
and sample all the different trucks